[SOUND] And now the award for
most innovative technology goes to Dr.
Emmet Brown and Marty McAppy.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Looks like Marty and
Doc saved the day.
And now, it's your turn to implement
Core Data all on your own for
the final project,
the virtual tourist app.
>> While we've gone over what you
need to know in order to create
a Persistence App, know that
Core Data is a huge framework and
we've only scratched the surface.
We do hope, however,
that you realize how useful it can be.
If you want to learn more,
we'll be waiting for
you in the senior iOS nanodegree.
>> So thanks.
>> Good luck.
>> And we hope to see you in the future.
[BLANK_AUDIO]